The emanation of the group Emma Sambaba, and Avalokkuri Shora, Manjushri, and Meja Pani.
All that comes together in one single state as a great warrior, great courageous ones,
great powerful ones who defeat all negative forces, powerful all the witches.
That is the Kesa, and the Kesa is very, very special, and particularly also this Kesa is
very highlighted by the great master Muharambhutya, Jang Muharambhutya, Muharambhutya.
You all know he is one of the great masters in all the time in the Buddhism.
He was the emanation of the great Mejushri, as well as the great task letter and the founder
of the Anu Yoga teachings in Tibet, known as Sanghi Shri, Nubchi Sanghi Shri, Muharambhutya.
So he was the, Muharambhutya was the emanation of that.
And then with Mejushri he comes together as a single state, as a great master Muharambhut
who came in the 18th century, around the 18th century he was really so famous, so also humble
and simple, hermitage and traveling, going to mountain to mountain, cave to cave, and
practice meditating and teaching, and then practice so humble and simple.
And even though become one of the great masters in that time, and as he said all the time,
but himself as so humble, low-key, he was also a born as a simple person, not recognized
as big things and all that things, but later on his great qualities, realizations, and
knowledge explode and become, then everyone said he's the emanation of this and that things,
and particularly great master known as Yavin Chinti Wanku, and Jang Wukum Rambud, they all
glorified him there, but yet also his state, so simple, humble, nothing really that, more
than that, always in the cave, and hermitage that.
And this is the Kesa, this teaching, Muharambhutya revealed the Kesa teaching, and the Kesa is
so special, but that particularly Dijan Dijan time, when there's so many kind of like power
of the pipe bosons are approaching every direction, kind of dark clothes, and then kind of spoiling
all the peace and joy and happiness, and prosperity, will be really kind of destroying that by the,
kind of all by that.
And then also that same time, and Gurbimasama predicted, there's raging disturbance by the
elements, one after the other, and this time maybe we much more kind of news all that things,
also.
But I don't know why this is, looks like more, this element, this disturbance is also coming,
these so many things.
So this kind of time, it is really the power and work, the power of the Kesa is so special,
blessed, and also is known as, the Kesa is Buddha, and the Buddha of the courage, Buddha
of power, Buddha of abilities, and the prosperity, and defeating all the negative forces, bring
the Victoria banner of the positive and the virtues to our heart and mind, and our bodies
become like photos of the old blessings.
Our speech becomes so powerful, truthful, and echoing as thunders in every different
direction.
Our mind becomes so courage and strong as lions, and actigals, and garudas, and that
all really in the teaching says.
So practice of the Kesa is so special, and by regularity, this time, when you raise up
the lungta, the Victoria banner or the raising of the wind hose energy, and do the Kesa practices,
that combination, and that condition, the circumstances makes perfect, also to bring
up our courage and commitment, confidence in our heart and mind, mind and the kind of
vitality to our body and all that, really is so special.
So, this is also teaching of the Moharm which is very special, and so we, again, and this
is also one of the very dear practices of our great master, Kinti Pardeshir Rinpoche.
So, with those, I mean, with those understanding, we do these practices now, and feel strong
presence.
Of course, we join this in the English, so you will know what we joined, and visualize
the meditate, meditate, feel the presence.
When the teaching opens, when you have the, when you have the, with the devotions and
connections, with all the doubt and hesitations, interference, then whenever you thank the
Buddhas and the Bodhisattva in light beings, they will be right in front of you.
They are not just strengthened by the time and the spaces, right there.
And only why is not happening, lack of our courage and confidence and commitment, that's
really in the teaching.
And that time, when Buddhas effort, that's not just the Buddhas do everything, that time,
what are we doing?
We activated our hidden college, our warriorships, our bravery, our courage and commitment, which
is commonly known in the Buddha teaching, not commonly, it's very sacred, the Buddha
nature.
Buddha nature, it really will wake up our Buddha nature.
And then, so, their blessing light as a condition, our potential and the seed of the Buddha nature
wake up, and then we become also quite well-equipped, ourself, to move in the jungle of the samsara
to can fulfill our good wishes.
Those are in the teaching making, so have those beautiful motivation toward and combine
that with the Bodhisattva and practice is, then in the world, in America, they said win-win
situations.
It will bring all that, so, yeah.
So now we do practice, again, with a little bit of field presence of the [INAUDIBLE] in
separable with the [INAUDIBLE] and then our [INAUDIBLE] all combine together right in front
of us as great master [INAUDIBLE] teaching.
This is also his teaching, he's not just he's written with conception, thinking how to write
this and done, and with that, it's just sub-internally arising, really, from his, what's the mind,
arise as this.
So this is [INAUDIBLE] and of the great master [INAUDIBLE]